Update BigQuery Iceberg documentation (#8112)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/mesh/iceberg/bigquery-iceberg-support.md

| `external_volume`| yes      | `gs://<bucket_name>`                                                                    |
| `table_format`   | yes      | `iceberg`                                                                               |
| `catalog_type`   | yes      | `biglake_metastore`                                                                     |
| `file_format`    | yes      | `parquet`                                                                     |
| `adapter_properties` | optional | See below |

### Adapter properties

> These are the additional configurations, unique to Bigquery, that can be supplied and nested under `adapter_properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the additional configurations, unique to BigQuery, that can be supplied and nested under `adapter_properties`.
```

> These are the additional configurations, unique to BigQuery, that can be supplied and nested under `adapter_properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supply and nest these additional configurations, unique to BigQuery, under the `adapter_properties` field.
```

```
2. Apply the catalog configuration at either the model, folder, or project level:

<File name='iceberg_model.sql'>

> ```sql

Reviewer: 🔥 great catch!

dbt also allows users to completely override the storage_uri with the adapter property `storage_uri`. This overrides both the catalog integration path and any `base_location` overrides to supply the entire `storage_uri` path directly.

#### Example configurations

An example model with a customized `base_location`:

<File name='iceberg_model.sql'>

```sql

{{
    config(
        materialized='table',
        catalog_name='my_bigquery_iceberg_catalog',
        adapter_properties={
          'base_location_root': 'foo',
          'base_location_subpath': 'bar',
        },

    )
}}

select * from {{ ref('jaffle_shop_customers') }}
```

</File>

An example `catalogs.yml` with a customized `base_location_root`:

<File name='catalogs.yml'>

```yaml
catalogs:
  - name: my_bigquery_iceberg_catalog
    active_write_integration: biglake_metastore
    write_integrations:
      - name: biglake_metastore
        external_volume: 'gs://mydbtbucket'
        table_format: iceberg
        file_format: parquet
        catalog_type: biglake_metastore
        adapter_properties:
          base_location_root: foo
```

</File>

:::info Legacy model configuration for base_location

> For backwards compatibility, dbt Fusion also supports setting `base_location` properties and `storage_uri` as top-level model configuration fields. `adapter_properties` configs take precedence over legacy configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backwards compatibility, dbt <Constant name="fusion"/> also supports setting `base_location` properties and `storage_uri` as top-level model configuration fields. `adapter_properties` configs take precedence over legacy configs.
```

> For example, in the following model config, `base_location_root`=`bar` overrides `base_location_root`=`foo`.

Reviewer: this is a great example, t hank you!

Reviewer: @ajhlee-dbt do you think this would be a good blurb to add in the [adapter properties](https://docs-getdbt-com-git-ajhlee-bigquery-iceberg-revision-dbt-labs.vercel.app/docs/mesh/iceberg/bigquery-iceberg-support#adapter-properties) section too? i know we say 'go to base location for more info' but might be also good to add?

> base_location properties and storage_uri as top-level model configuration fields. adapter_properties configs take precedence over legacy configs.
